add ROS 2 TSC applicant intake process to Governance (#1845)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Governance/ROS2-TSC-Intake-process.rst

.. _ROS2TSCIntake:

ROS 2 TSC applicant intake process
==================================

Objectives
----------

1. Increase the pool of high quality applicants

> 2. Help applicants understand what the ROS 2 TSC needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Help applicants understand what the ROS 2 TSC expects from an application
```

6. Sponsor arranges short 1:1 with applicant to talk about ROS 2 TSC role and responsibilities.  Afterwards the applicant can:

   a) proceed with application as-is
   b) revise application
   c) delay submission e.g. to develop their contribution track record
   d) decide not to proceed.

7. [two weeks before TSC meeting]: applications are distributed to TSC members for independent review

   * If 2 TSC members respond agreeing to "sponsor" applicant then these proceed to the next step. Applicant should "minimally meet" TSC member criteria before addressing TSC.
   * Otherwise Open Robotics informs applicant "Not at this time, please consider applying again later with more contribution history."

8. [in TSC meeting] Applicant or Sponsor can address TSC. 5 minute presentation with up to 5 additional minutes of Q&A.
9. [in TSC meeting]: Synchronous private/unsharable discussion of the applications after applicant(s) leave the call. TSC members are to be discrete about what has been discussed.
10. [after TSC meeting]: Asynchronous vote on the applicants completed in around 10 days

> 11. Open Robotics notifies applicant(s) of TSC decision.

Reviewer 2: Just a question, the applicant will get YES / NO answer only? I think that it would be nice to explain why/reason? So that applicant can know what they are going to do next time.

Reviewer 3: I think discussion as to why is impicit in notification. Given that this is happening by anonymous vote and a confidential discussion I don't know how much feedback we could reaonably give them. There is already a Q&A session baked into the process; I would hope they can figure it out themselves. 

Since this is non-blocking and approved already I am going to merge it.
